;############################
;##### Non Region Based #####
;############################

rebel_type		gladiator_uprising
category		gladiator_revolt
chance			100
description		gladiator_uprising
unit			Bandits

rebel_type		brigands
category		brigands
chance			50
description		brigands
unit			Bandits

rebel_type		pirates
category		pirates
chance			50
description		pirates
unit			Human Boat

;########################
;##### Region Based #####
;########################

rebel_type		Arthedain_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Arthedain_Rebels
unit			Sellswords
unit			Bandits
unit			Bandits
unit			Woodland Hunters

rebel_type		Bandit_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Bandit_Rebels
unit			Bandits
unit			Bandits
unit			Bandits

rebel_type		Beorning_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Beorning_Rebels
unit			Beorning Warriors
unit			Stoor Shirriffs
unit			Valesmen
unit			Valesmen

rebel_type		Breeland_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Breeland_Rebels
unit			Bandits
unit			Sellswords
unit			Woodland Hunters

rebel_type		Cardolan_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Cardolan_Rebels
unit			Sellswords
unit			Bandits
unit			Bandits
unit			Woodland Hunters

rebel_type		Druedain_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Druedain_Rebels
unit			Druedain Hunters
unit			Druedain Hunters
unit			Druedain Hunters
unit			Druedain Hunters

rebel_type		Dorwinion_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Dorwinion_Rebels
unit			Vineyard Levies
unit			Vineyard Levies
unit			Privateer Axemen

rebel_type		Dunland_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			4
description		Dunland_Rebels
unit			Brehins Sword-Wielders
unit			Dunnish Speutamen
unit			Dunnish Speutamen
unit			Clan Hunters

rebel_type		Dwarven_EredLuin_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Dwarven_EredLuin_Rebels
unit			Ered Luin Militia
unit			Ered Luin Militia
unit			Ered Luin Scouts

rebel_type		Dwarven_Erebor_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Dwarven_Erebor_Rebels
unit			Erebor Infantry
unit			Erebor Infantry
unit			Erebor Axethrowers

rebel_type		Elven_Imladris_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Elven_Imladris_Rebels
unit			Amanyar Riders
unit			Amanyar Riders
unit			Amanyar Swordmasters

rebel_type		Elven_Lindon_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Elven_Lindon_Rebels
unit			Lindar Guards
unit			Lindar Guards
unit			Lindar Bowmen

rebel_type		Elven_Lothlorien_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Elven_Lothlorien_Rebels
unit			Lorien Warders
unit			Lorien Archers
unit			Lorien Archers

rebel_type		Elven_Thranduil_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Elven_Thranduil_Rebels
unit			Maethyr i-Thewair
unit			Elvenkings Bowguard
unit			Elvenkings Bowguard

rebel_type		Enedwaith_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			4
description		Enedwaith_Rebels
unit			Eryn Vorn Woodsmen
unit			Greyflood Axemen
unit			Greyflood Raiders
unit			Greyflood Raiders
unit			Foresters of Haleth

rebel_type		Ent_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			10
description		Ent_Rebels
unit			Ents
unit			Ents

rebel_type		Evil_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Evil_Rebels
unit			Trolls
unit			Raider Warband
unit			Raider Skirmishers

rebel_type		Evil_Looters
category		peasant_revolt
chance			4
description		Evil_Looters
unit			Raider Warband
unit			Orc Maulers
unit			Orc Band
unit			Raider Skirmishers
unit			Orc Raiders

rebel_type		Gondor_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Gondor_Rebels
unit			Raider Warband
unit			Orc Maulers
unit			Orc Band
unit			Raider Skirmishers
unit			Orc Raiders

rebel_type		Harad_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Harad_Rebels
unit			Southron Warband
unit			Southron Warband
unit			Haradrim Archers

rebel_type		Harondor_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Harondor_Rebels
unit			Bandits
unit			Bandits
unit			Bandits
unit			Woodland Hunters
unit			Woodland Hunters
unit			Harondor Mercenaries
unit			Harondor Mercenaries

rebel_type		Hobbit_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Hobbit_Rebels
unit			Watch Shirriffs
unit			Watch Shirriffs
unit			Bandobras Archers
unit			Watch Shirriffs
unit			Watch Shirriffs

rebel_type		Human_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Human_Rebels
unit			Sellswords
unit			Sellswords
unit			Sellswords
unit			Bandits
unit			Woodland Hunters

rebel_type		Ithilien_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Ithilien_Rebels
unit			Sellswords
unit			Sellswords
unit			Ithilien Rangers
unit			Ithilien Rangers

rebel_type		Mirkwood_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			4
description		Mirkwood_Rebels
unit			Raider Warband
unit			Raider Warband
unit			Raider Warband
unit			Raider Warband

rebel_type		Mirkwood_Spiders
category		peasant_revolt
chance			4
description		Mirkwood_Spiders
unit			Black Spiders
unit			Forest Spiders

rebel_type		No_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			0
description		No_Rebels
unit			Bandits

rebel_type		Rhovanion_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			4
description		Rhovanion_Rebels
unit			Rhovanion Riders
unit			Rhovanion Riders
unit			Rhovanion Spearmen
unit			Rhovanion Hunters

rebel_type		Rhudaur_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			4
description		Rhudaur_Rebels
unit			Rhudaur Savages
unit			Hillmen
unit			Hillmen
unit			Rhudaur Warriors

rebel_type		Rhun_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Rhun_Rebels
unit			Daritai Clansmen
unit			Balchoth Tribesmen
unit			Daritai Hunters
unit			Daritai Hunters

rebel_type		Rohan_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Rohan_Rebels
unit			Bandits
unit			Woodland Hunters
unit			Woodland Hunters

rebel_type		Saralainn_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			6
description		Saralainn_Rebels
unit			Sellswords
unit			Sellswords
unit			Bandits
unit			Woodland Hunters

rebel_type		Umbar_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			4
description		Umbar_Rebels
unit			Azrazair Raiders
unit			Azrazair Raiders
unit			Azrazair Raiders
unit			Azrazair Raiders

rebel_type		Variag_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Variag_Rebels
unit			Nomad Horsemen
unit			Steppe Tribesmen
unit			Steppe Tribesmen
unit			Steppe Archers

rebel_type		Wildmen_Rebels
category		peasant_revolt
chance			2
description		Wildmen_Rebels
unit			Druedain Hunters
unit			Druedain Hunters
unit			Sellswords